As developers, both you and I use HTTP everyday.
We issue get and post requests when using Firebase that shows SDK
or just when using the browsers on our tablets or mobile phones to look at websites.
To be a good fraudulent engineer creating web apps,
merely using HTTP is not enough.
You will need a deeper understanding to see why certain techniques are
being used and why others either don't work or aren't recommended.
In this lesson, we'll start with a look at the first version of HTTP.
We'll examine the get and the post methods,
and a few other useful methods you might not be as familiar with.
We'll look at a variety of headers and how API's are designed to work well with the web.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to debug HTTP request response pairs on
the wire and will understand what a RESTful API is.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6